chore(shipping): improve shipping related documentation (#361)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/advanced/shipping/colissimo.md

This page contains information about the different ways you can accept shippings with [Colissimo](https://www.laposte.fr/colissimo) in your Front-Commerce application.

## Prerequisites

> No matter the backend solution, the Colissimo Front-Commerce modules requires a Map component to display pickup points. Thus, before proceeding, please make sure that you've chosen a Map implementation from [Display a map](/docs/advanced/features/display-a-map.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No matter the backend solution, the Colissimo Front-Commerce modules requires a Map component to display pickup points. Thus, before proceeding, please make sure that you have chosen a Map implementation from [Display a map](/docs/advanced/features/display-a-map.html).
```

Author: `you've` seems grammatically correct for `you have` in this case?

> 

Author: Ensure that the format of the Colissimo & Mondial-Relay docs are the same.

## Integrate with Magento2

<blockquote class="feature--new">
_Since version 2.5.0_
</blockquote>

The integration of Colissimo in Magento 2 & Front-Commerce relies on [Magentix's module](https://colissimo.magentix.fr/magento-2/) for pickup points. If you don't need pickup points, any module should be supported by default.

> Then, within your Front-Commerce project, you have to:

Author: Ensure that the format of the Colissimo & Mondial-Relay docs are the same.
